docs: minor edits (#252)
Substra/substra-documentation: docs/source/contributing/contributing-guide.rst

Wherever possible, do not take these conversations to private channels, including contacting the maintainers directly. Keeping communication public means everybody can benefit and learn from the conversation.

Vulnerabilities 
===============

Please reach out to support@substra.com immediately if you believe you have found a vulnerability.

> Due to the privacy preserving nature of Substra, we take vulnerabilities very seriously. The core of Federated Learning is security and therefore we take various steps such as auditing and automated testing to ensure that our code base remains secure. All code merge requests go through multiple levels of review. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the privacy preserving nature of Substra, we take vulnerabilities very seriously. The core of Federated Learning is security and therefore we take various steps such as auditing and automated testing to ensure that our code base remains secure. All pull requests go through at least one thorough review. 
```
